Add Further Instructions to README.md (#60)
mike-north/ember-octane-workshop: notes/10-auth-service.md

Services allow state and functionality (i.e., regular functions, actions) to be shared across various parts of an Ember app.

> <!-- Explain what services are -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Explain what services are. Even if things are so simple that there's nothing more to say, we should make that clear -->
```

> In our case, there are various things that may need to "see" or "use" authentication concerns (i.e., a `currentUser`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case, there are various things that may need to "see" or "use" authentication state/functionality (i.e., a `currentUser`, the `logOut` and `logIn` functions, etc...):
```

<!-- Clearify "authentication concerns" - state it differently  -->

- Creating a new chat message
- Preventing unauthenticated users from entering the app
- Logging in
- Logging out

> We could use a component for this, but it would increase the complexity of our templates, and would involve passing extra arguements through the component tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We could use a component for this, but it would increase the complexity of our templates and would involve passing extra named args (the things that look like `{{ @firstName }}`) through the component tree.
```

> This is pretty ugly, and gets uglier as more of these cross-cutting areas are added, and more things need to access them. Thankfully, Services allow a better way of accomplishing the same thing...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is pretty ugly, and gets uglier as more of these cross-cutting areas (state and functionality that many parts of the app need to know about) are added, and more things need to access them. Thankfully, Services allow a better way of accomplishing the same thing...
```
